Improve Panache projection with Hibernate ORM and Reactive (#26510)
quarkusio/quarkus: docs/src/main/asciidoc/hibernate-reactive-panache.adoc

----
<1> The `ownerName` DTO constructor's parameter will be loaded from the `owner.name` HQL property.

> It's also possible to specify a HQL query with a select clause. In this case, the projection class must have a constructor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is also possible to specify a HQL query with a select clause. In this case, the projection class must have a constructor
```

matching the values returned by the select clause:

> source,java]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[source,java]
```

----
import io.quarkus.runtime.annotations.RegisterForReflection;

@RegisterForReflection 
public class RaceWeight {
    public final String race;
    public final Double weight

    public RaceWeight(String race) {
        this(race, null);
    }

    public RaceWeight(String race, Double weight) { // <1>
        this.race = race;
        this.weight = weight;
    }
}

// Only the race and the average weight will be loaded
PanacheQuery<RaceWeight> query = Person.find("select d.race, AVG(d.weight) from Dog d group by d.race).project(RaceWeight.class);
----

> <1> Hibernate Reactive will use this constructor. When the query has a select clause, it's possible to have multiple constructors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<1> Hibernate Reactive will use this constructor. When the query has a select clause, it is possible to have multiple constructors.
```

[WARNING]
====

> It's not possible to have a HQL `select new` query and `.project(Class)` at the same time - you need to pick one approach.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It is not possible to have a HQL `select new` query and `.project(Class)` at the same time - you need to pick one approach.
```

For example, this will fail:

> ```

Reviewer: Please use a proper Java source block.
